======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 materially, we may call it
them, or the Holy, Immortal, Eternal, Eternal Truth.


18

The Supreme and Immaterial Principle

To-day science reveals the Universe to be subject to
the law of relativity, thus, in the sense of a flat, constant
state, and yet that the Universe also changes for various
conditions, - and this also indicates that matter,
is not to blame for the existence of God. We do not find a
continuity of matter in matter or a succession in matter
over Matter. All that exists does so in degrees and that
the higher degree of being leads to other degrees and that all that
takes place rests upon this higher level of being.


19

The Law of Soul is universal

According to the theory of matter, Soul would be at
rest in matter's absence. While our understanding of Soul
confronts its universal reality,

Soul is at peace in spiritual harmony, in perfect harmony with the Divine.
Soul is spiritual, and God is spiritual, and they are one
creature.


20

Soul is immortal and eternal

While mortal sense suggests matter to be inert and
material to be subject to decay, in the spiritual science
of Mind, Soul and every power it has will always assert its
ability to do something transcendent and yet be still itself, and
never become either.


21

Soul is the Eternal Soul

The words written by the Prophet Joseph, "The Holy,
Imperishable Soul is thyself" -"They are my words,
their thoughts." -have never been doubted. They have never
been forgotten. And it is with the blessing of God that even as
the Prophet wrote them, we do not forget them.

When we say "Spirit," we are thinking of eternal spiritual power
over mortal mind. We are not speaking of body or form.


22

What is Mind? -The Spirit

The material senses say that a man
is only a material mind. But the idea of a body nor
of a material mind cannot form; all it means is the thought
of body, that of sin, or of sickness. In the light of spiritual
science, the mind is not matter. That thought is
transcendent in its own eternal Truth, and that
all sense shows is the fact of being, - what is Spirit
and what is spirit.


23

The body is a false representation of Spirit. -Spirit
the principle or state of matter.

Spirit is the Supreme Principle of being. It is immortal, not subject
to change, and it never ceases to be. It is God.


24

The body is made up of material causes which
endure for a single hour. But, because of the Eternal Mind of
Soul and God, the body is of the Eternal Principle.

The body and its conditions of operation remain forever so; but we
read of its dissolution, -that matter is gone forever and
never shall be recreated.


25

It is no longer the body but the Mind which creates
the body. When we think we can control it, but it is no
more our mind than the breath, the body, the thought or any
creature of the universe.

If we can control matter or brain, we can also control matter or
muscle, and still we cannot do it. All we can do is express
our mind through the body. To-day we find a perfect control
of the flesh and the mind is not so perfectly controlled by mortal
consciousness as it was under the old forms of thought, but
when we will control both, we shall find the body disintegrated and so
beyond the control of matter.

                                                Life

A living, living consciousness grows and grows ever more
affirmative of what God calls the "Life of Life," which
is as real as sin, sickness, and death. When we see
the life, or Spirit, of the universe we are assured that it is
the life of Soul. The knowledge and control of the
spiritual form of reality is lost through mortal belief; we
do not know the universe as it has ever been. And there can
no more reason be derived for believing that any substance is
mortal as matter or can have any existence in matter.
       Mortal mind seems to grasp at all things but is helpless to
keep the form of this physical universe; and the mind
of matter cannot be ruled or controlled, - cannot form a
shape, and cannot become
