======== SAMPLE 1 ========

In the fourth book of the Lord's
Tablet, one of the earliest recorded works of the Prophet Muhammad, the events
of which he has previously alluded, are set forth in greater detail.

These chapters of the Book are divided into five categories:

1. The Book of the Meccans

2. The Book of the Martyrs

3. The Book of the Apostles

4. The Book of the Meccans and Their Lives

5. The Book of the Meccans and Their Lives

These titles belong to categories designated at the time of the
Prophet's proclamation of Islam as a dispensation of Christendom to the
Muslims. They were subsequently renewed in subsequent editions, and
in a number of other places.

There are a few instances in the history of Islam, which, in all probability,
had no direct antecedent, or parallel. The first one was, naturally, that of
Abbas, who was only a boy. Muhammad had already, as a boy, been led away
by his father Muhammad and his family in the desert of Basrah, when the latter was
yet a lad of ten; but his earliest recollection of Arabia was, as we know,
as childhood, and he could trace his antecedent, or early
tongue, only to the year 1663, when he arrived at Baghdad.

His earliest knowledge of Christianity was therefore quite a long way from his
observing, even as of old, the Scriptures. And in this regard, it must
have been very early in his career, that Muhammad might be said to have
observed the Scriptures for the first time, in the tenth year of
his reign, and to have a lively feeling of his own ideas.

His earliest memory of Paul, who was of the Arian persuasion, is, of all the
MECCAUSES of the Meccans, as well as their wives, to whom he was the first
to refer in writing his history of Islam, and to whom the author has always
priorised, is none of them. It is also to Paul that Muhammad refers
most frequently in the epistles to belong. As to all the other Meccans
to whom he is accustomed to refer in writing his history, the author has
indeed written his own histories of Islam at the time of his being
converted.

The history of Muhammad is, of course, much longer than those which have
been passed down orally through all the successive generations of men. These
generations were, of course, the prophets of the Arian and the
Ijnites.

The events of Christian history are not to be put down in the least
substantially. The Christian prophet Muhammad was, in fact, at one with these
Christians. In fact, it is well to say that Muhammad was certainly an
Islamist. It would probably therefore, if the matter were at such a level
that mere statements might be found wanting, that we should give the fullest
satisfaction; but such a statement, if there be more than one, would certainly
not be more satisfactory.

The history of Muhammad is probably about the year A.D. 576, when the
prophet began to write his own history, perhaps as far as his
personal wish, and at some later period of his career, as a historian at Medina,
Bag. A.D. 570, he died in Medina, A.D. 586.

THE BOOK OF THE MECCANS

The Book of the Meccans. This book is the first recorded work of
Abdallah Muhammad Ali, which is the most important of all his works.
This book has since been re-issued, and is now one of the most widely
known in the literature of Islam.

This book is a series of chapters, written with the approbation of the
community of the Meccans, by Muhammad, the Prophet of the Arian and of
the Jewish sect, of which only certain of the chapters are derived,
and at whose date the account may be supposed less complete.

In the Book of the Meccans are set forth the events and events of Muhammad's
life and early history, and an account of his conversion, and his conversion to
Islam, and his early teaching of and example. These events are related in great
depth, and the history of his conversion with an entirely original account is set forth,
with full assurance of being authentically recorded to him.

THE BOOK OF THE MARACTITS: TREE OF LIFE

The history of the Christian religion, as told, and represented, and
also of how he lived, and how he believed, for the first time, for the first
time, and how he became a Christian, is
