======== SAMPLE 1 ========

"For, lo, a great and abominable, abomination is come into this place; there is nothing in this great and abominable
place that hath the power of its commandment, according as it is written." [Moses]

1 Esdr 15:10
Moreover the Lord said unto Moses, If ye speak to any people to
speak good, say, Ye shall not speak evil; for they are of an unlawful
speech of their own accord.

1 Esdr 15:11
And after the lawgiver said unto the LORD, Speak unto the
heathen of the Lord, that they may teach in their own lands of
the good word, and that they may not speak wickedly; for they shall
never be accepted into their lands of their inheritance, until the day of
peace be fulfilled.

1 Esdr 15:12
And the LORD spake again unto Moses:

1 Esdr 15:13
In the name of God, the God of Abraham, and of Isaac, and the
God of Jacob, and of Jesus, and of the Holy One of Israel, say unto the
people of the land; that ye may not speak evil against them
that dwell in the land of Canaan: and speak also unto all the
heathen a good word, to the honour of their God, which hath
said, Thou shalt neither speak evil against them of a truth.

1 Esdr 15:14 Ye shall not speak evil against them to your
sins, neither shalt ye speak evil against them to your
goods; for their name shall be blessed among the people:
for the LORD also hath spoken.

1 Esdr 15:15
And I brought forth the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they
should not walk in the way of the heathen nor fall to their
betrayal; and that there should be no covenant between me and you
against the heathen.

1 Esdr 15:16
And after they said unto Moses, The Son is in the ark of
the covenant of the LORD: wherefore let us be good to our God, the
Father, who has sworn by the LORD, that he would shew
his faith to thee by his own tongue, that he might take
hold on thee of the people that dwell in the land; and for him
to bring forth the testimony of God.

1 Esdr 15:17
For as the word which is spoken among the children of Israel
and of the heathen is the word of the true God; even so the word which
is spoken among you and of the heathen is the word of the
God, whom ye have sworn to serve him.

[The name of this place being changed the text, which
describes the ark as being used by the Israelites in the
first year of the second decade, is changed with the alteration,
from the day of the covenant of the LORD with Abraham, and with
Israel, in the month Yebbish.<|endoftext|>By the Lord

I am Peter K. Smith, Pastor of First United Methodist Church, in my city of Philadelphia, and I invite you to watch a special video about the Lord and what He requires of your worship today.

In our Bible study we talk about how we pray to the Father. We ask, then, why is it we do not call on
God's name? We ask, then, why are we ashamed of saying, "Lord, we are sorry we have
not been willing to do this, nor so much as to do that." And we ask, then, why do
we not go to church? But there are so many of us in need of that "what is our need?" We are
begged to take your blessings. And sometimes those times of need are so desperate, so much
desolation, and all too short of time.

There is no need, either in the midst of it, to be sorry that you have not been
worshipful, in prayer, or in our Scriptures. You do not need to be sorry that you
have not said, "I am grateful for that which you have sent me." You need to
be grateful that no one has asked you to do this. You need to be grateful that
you have left your sins to the judge of God instead of to the judge of the
people of your Lord.

How is it possible that God calls on His people to be sorry? You cannot
do that. You cannot even pray to the Father of Truth for His willfulness. You
need God, and no need of repentance to obtain His grace on His part.

But what is the need of repentance? Not one good deed of yours, for that
is the need of God. And the way you can be sorry? By repenting
