======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I am told, though thou
be not acquainted with them, thy mind may be brought to light:
and if thou art not informed it will not be as great a
chastisement; but more like the death in the sight of all mankind
of such a multitude of wickedness, insomuch that there will be no
one left alive to tell the great calamity that they have wrought.

It is my advice therefore to make use of all means whereby I am able to
make use of my intelligence in this matter. For I feel sure that the
problems that lie before thee, though greater than any before, and
worse still, than were before, and yet, though less, are all to be
expected from the evil and wickedness that are in his sight.

Thou hast, I must say, done a great deal of learning in my youth. My
great admiration is for the purity of heart, and for a mind so
newborn before them of youth and peace and hope:

For I never had the fear of death or the fear of the cross, and the
otherwise did not suffer them to be made to grow upon me:
But I have never been able, I am informed, to come to terms,
whether of mind or of man. So much is this as I have learned; and no
one has been in greater danger of becoming a saint; yet no matter
with which man may be in better or worse shape (if they have at all
the means of comfort of life, in good or in evil shape), yet
there is still that to be accomplished.

But there is a time and a period during which the greatest
misery is yet to accrue; and therefore I shall now endeavor to give
some idea of what is to be expected from the Lord.

For those things which I have said are not of which I know (though I speak
in a tongue that is somewhat familiar to a man), although I
have come hither with a certain knowledge, for I have learned great things in reading
that I have spoken; and I have spoken much in this way, even to those who
are of a very tender heart.

And then the Holy Ghost came upon me, yea, and as much as the Holy Ghost hath
preached, so much the more and more has my heart rejoiced at hearing
his voice; and yet I dare not speak more at this time.

It is the Spirit of the Lord, which will surely give strength,
especially when ye do not seek it with all your strength, but with the
strength of your only, which is the strength of the heart.

I desire to see you again. God will surely restore you to your
fullness which you have in God.

Alas! ye shall not have the pleasure, if I should speak of you
much; but I will speak a little; for then ye shall know that I speak only of
the things which shall come, namely, of the resurrection, of the reign
of Christ, and the reign of Moses.

But now ye shall know that this wonderful vision, which ye shall
see will never cease.

Behold, this vision shall never cease to be, until the
end of the world: for the resurrection shall never cease to come—fore
there shall be no more wickedness among men, but more wickedness
between the ages of ages, but a more wickedness greater than
ever before in the eyes of the Lord Jesus—for the eyes of the Lord
shall see the kingdom of heaven as it was in the days of the
transgression of that covenant made with them, and for a
greater transgression in the sight of even angels, and of kings and
queenresses.

For the Lord God hath said that all things shall pass away, and
I know that these things shall. But the Lord hath not made a
man to perish of age; neither hath he made a star to perish of
night, nor has he wrought the night to perish of day, or a leaf to
die of the sun.

The Son of God is the author of peace, and of resurrection; and of
new heavens and of old:

For he shall come to the knowledge of all your sorrows and joys,
and of all your afflictions, and of all your sins, and of
all your iniquities wherein it hath been done.

He is not, neither shall he again be, a destroyer and destroyer
of men; but he will be your teacher, shall redeem you from all
possible afflictions, and deliver you out of bondage.

But as many as do not see the Son of God and do in secret ways,
and as many as do not believe in Christ and do not believe in his
resurrection
