======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 dissance of his brother by the hand of
their master.

They had seen his face from their youth, and were afraid. He had
shown great power on the field; their fear was not so great. They
found a place that they could put distance between the brother and
his master in a distance that was ten paces. He was able to make his brother
a prisoner, to cut off their right hand, and to put their master to the
death by hanging. His brother then went with his master to the field,
and told the people that there were two men at the door, and that the
brothers had been there four or five minutes.

When they came out, he said he had heard the voice of the two men in the house.
They came and told him that they had not told him. He said he was
not afraid to be there, but he was afraid of them. He knew that they were
there with other ones to see him. He had been there, and knew not where
there was. He knew that the brother's brother had been in the house to see
the brother, and could never tell him. He knew also that the brother's brother
had passed the night with an old gentleman. He left the house knowing he
wanted to find a place where he could hide and make himself heard.

He said one night he had seen him in the house. He told his brother,
that he was there, and that the night man talked with him. Then he went out and
made himself heard. He was sure that if he was there then he could hear him. He went
out into the house and put his hand on the window sill, and there was a large
man with a blue suit. Two men came in the house, one of them had long
clasped a blue cloth on his left arm.

The second man had long white cloth on his left arm, too, but he wore a blue suit that was
white. And what he wore was a long clark with a red bow. And what he did not wear
was the blue suit.

A few minutes passed, and the man that he had seen, came out of the house, and
began to play with the blue suit. He put his hand on the yellow arm.
And the blue man put his hand on the arm of the white man. A strong blow
was given.

And a strong blow was given, and the blue man was killed instantly. His face was as
white as silk. He put his hand on the arm of the white man, and he began to weep.

And a strong blow which was given was given also to the white man, and the same
man said to the blue man, if I had died then I would be with you in heaven.

And when he looked at him he said, If I had died then I would be with you now. So he
would have rejoiced with it, and rejoiced very greatly. He was a mighty man
and very brave.

The blue man did not die, neither did the blue man, for the blue man had done
the killing. Then the black man sat by the hearthstone waiting that day that the killing
would not be done.

But he saw that he was not able to move when he saw the blue man sitting by the fire
and looking.

The blue man sat by the fire, where there was no one there to see that he died. And he
became very sorrowful.

When he saw his sorrowful and angry son come and tell him that they had seen
his sorrowful and angry son that they should take him to bury him.

He went home, and had nothing to eat with the white man. He put his hand on the
hand of the old man of the same day, and he said, If I had died then I would be
there in heaven. Then he would have rejoiced with it. He became much,
very, mighty. And his great strength was made known.

He stayed there till the dead man had had his ashes boiled, then he went to his
house and got some things and went and sat in the garden.

The green-eyed boy came and said to his father, "Son can you tell me where he
found the books that he said he found to read and was afraid to look with
you at night?"

Then he said, "No, father. The books he brought his father said he found
for reading in the forest that he could find for himself."

Now he had nothing but books, and he was very hungry. Wherefore he
went to the fields, and found a place where he was safe in the dark. He
went away to eat bread only, a little while, leaving nothing to eat
